is-unbounded : true if the goal contains integer/real constants that do not have lower/upper bounds.
is-pb : true if the goal is a pseudo-boolean problem.
is-qflia : true if the goal is in QF_LIA.
is-qfauflia : true if the goal is in QF_AUFLIA.
is-qflra : true if the goal is in QF_LRA.
is-qflira : true if the goal is in QF_LIRA.
is-ilp : true if the goal is ILP.
is-qfnia : true if the goal is in QF_NIA (quantifier-free nonlinear integer arithmetic).
is-qfnra : true if the goal is in QF_NRA (quantifier-free nonlinear real arithmetic).
is-nia : true if the goal is in NIA (nonlinear integer arithmetic, formula may have quantifiers).
is-nra : true if the goal is in NRA (nonlinear real arithmetic, formula may have quantifiers).
is-nira : true if the goal is in NIRA (nonlinear integer and real arithmetic, formula may have quantifiers).
is-lia : true if the goal is in LIA (linear integer arithmetic, formula may have quantifiers).
is-lra : true if the goal is in LRA (linear real arithmetic, formula may have quantifiers).
is-lira : true if the goal is in LIRA (linear integer and real arithmetic, formula may have quantifiers).
is-qfufnra : true if the goal is QF_UFNRA (quantifier-free nonlinear real arithmetic with other theories).
is-qfbv-eq : true if the goal is in a fragment of QF_BV which uses only =, extract, concat.
is-qffp : true if the goal is in QF_FP (floats).
is-qffpbv : true if the goal is in QF_FPBV (floats+bit-vectors).
is-qffplra : true if the goal is in QF_FPLRA.
is-propositional : true if the goal is in propositional logic.
is-qfbv : true if the goal is in QF_BV.
is-qfaufbv : true if the goal is in QF_AUFBV.
is-quasi-pb : true if the goal is quasi-pb.

ackr-bound-probe : A probe to give an upper bound of Ackermann congruence lemmas that a formula might generate.
arith-max-deg : max polynomial total degree of an arithmetic atom.
arith-avg-deg : avg polynomial total degree of an arithmetic atom.
arith-max-bw : max coefficient bit width.
arith-avg-bw : avg coefficient bit width.
memory : amount of used memory in megabytes.
depth : depth of the input goal.
size : number of assertions in the given goal.
num-exprs : number of expressions/terms in the given goal.
num-consts : number of non Boolean constants in the given goal.
num-bool-consts : number of Boolean constants in the given goal.
num-arith-consts : number of arithmetic constants in the given goal.
num-bv-consts : number of bit-vector constants in the given goal.
produce-proofs : true if proof generation is enabled for the given goal.
produce-model : true if model generation is enabled for the given goal.
produce-unsat-cores : true if unsat-core generation is enabled for the given goal.
has-quantifiers : true if the goal contains quantifiers.
has-patterns : true if the goal contains quantifiers with patterns.